You have power over your mind, not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength. -- Marcus Aurelius, Meditations
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. -- Confucius
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- Mark Twain
I am not afraid of storms, for I am learning how to sail my ship. -- Louisa May Alcott, Little Women
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity. -- Albert Einstein
You can not go back and change the beginning, but you can start where you are and change the ending. -- C.S. Lewis
The only way to do great work is to love what you do. -- Steve Jobs, Stanford Commencement Speech, 2005
Get busy living, or get busy dying. -- Andy Dufresne, The Shawshank Redemption (1994)
Every morning we are born again. What we do today is what matters most. -- Buddha
You miss 100% of the shots you do not take. -- Wayne Gretzky
It always seems impossible until it is done. -- Nelson Mandela
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -- Winston Churchill
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. -- Eleanor Roosevelt
Whether you think you can or you think you cannot, you are right. -- Henry Ford
You are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think. -- A.A. Milne, Winnie-the-Pooh
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are. -- Theodore Roosevelt
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Life is what happens when you are busy making other plans. -- John Lennon, Beautiful Boy (1980)
Try not. Do. Or do not. There is no try. -- Yoda, The Empire Strikes Back (1980)
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. -- Nelson Mandela
What we fear doing most is usually what we most need to do. -- Tim Ferriss, The 4-Hour Workweek
If you are going through hell, keep going. -- Winston Churchill
It is not the mountain we conquer, but ourselves. -- Sir Edmund Hillary
Your time is limited, so do not waste it living someone else's life. -- Steve Jobs, Stanford Commencement Speech, 2005
Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny. -- C.S. Lewis
The best way to predict the future is to create it. -- Peter Drucker
Keep your face always toward the sunshine, and shadows will fall behind you. -- Walt Whitman
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does. -- William James
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
I can be changed by what happens to me. But I refuse to be reduced by it. -- Maya Angelou
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. -- Walt Disney
You must be the change you wish to see in the world. -- Mahatma Gandhi
In three words I can sum up everything I have learned about life: it goes on. -- Robert Frost
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is a gift. That is why it is called the present. -- Alice Morse Earle
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all. -- Helen Keller
The harder I work, the luckier I get. -- Gary Player
I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions. -- Stephen Covey
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can. -- Arthur Ashe
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value. -- Albert Einstein
Dream big and dare to fail. -- Norman Vaughan
We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated. -- Maya Angelou
The mind is everything. What you think you become. -- Buddha
An unexamined life is not worth living. -- Socrates
Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier. -- Mother Teresa
When you arise in the morning, think of what a privilege it is to be alive, to think, to enjoy, to love. -- Marcus Aurelius
First, forget inspiration. Habit is more dependable. Habit will sustain you whether you are inspired or not. -- Octavia Butler
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken. -- Oscar Wilde
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they do not have any. -- Alice Walker
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world. -- Anne Frank
Real courage is when you know you are licked before you begin, but you begin anyway and see it through no matter what. -- Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird
Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears. -- Les Brown
I have learned over the years that when one's mind is made up, this diminishes fear. -- Rosa Parks
I would rather die of passion than of boredom. -- Vincent van Gogh
A ship in harbor is safe, but that is not what ships are built for. -- John A. Shedd
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined. -- Henry David Thoreau
Once you choose hope, anything is possible. -- Christopher Reeve
Nothing is impossible. The word itself says I am possible. -- Audrey Hepburn
You become what you believe. -- Oprah Winfrey
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence. -- Vince Lombardi
Someone is sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago. -- Warren Buffett
The best revenge is massive success. -- Frank Sinatra
I have not failed. I have just found 10,000 ways that do not work. -- Thomas Edison
If you hear a voice within you say you cannot paint, then by all means paint and that voice will be silenced. -- Vincent van Gogh
You must do the thing you think you cannot do. -- Eleanor Roosevelt
Remember no one can make you feel inferior without your consent. -- Eleanor Roosevelt
I am not afraid. I was born to do this. -- Joan of Arc
The question is not who is going to let me; it is who is going to stop me. -- Ayn Rand
I can not change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination. -- Jimmy Dean
Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you will land among the stars. -- Les Brown
Champions are made from something they have deep inside them: a desire, a dream, a vision. -- Muhammad Ali
Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee. -- Muhammad Ali
Impossible is just a big word thrown around by small men who find it easier to live in the world they have been given than to explore the power they have to change it. -- Muhammad Ali
The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra. -- Jimmy Johnson
Do not wait; the time will never be just right. Start where you stand. -- Napoleon Hill
You do not have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step. -- Martin Luther King Jr.
The secret of happiness is freedom, and the secret of freedom is courage. -- Thucydides
Rise and rise again until lambs become lions. -- Robin Hood (2010)
It had long since come to my attention that people of accomplishment rarely sat back and let things happen to them. -- Leonardo da Vinci
If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else. -- Booker T. Washington
You can never cross the ocean until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore. -- Christopher Columbus
I am thankful for all of those who said NO to me. It is because of them I am doing it myself. -- Albert Einstein
Definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement. -- W. Clement Stone
Remember that not getting what you want is sometimes a wonderful stroke of luck. -- Dalai Lama
Pain is temporary. If I quit, however, it lasts forever. -- Lance Armstrong
When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us. -- Helen Keller
If you look at what you have in life, you will always have more. -- Oprah Winfrey
Two roads diverged in a wood, and I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference. -- Robert Frost, The Road Not Taken
Not all those who wander are lost. -- J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring
We accept the love we think we deserve. -- Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower
I have learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel. -- Maya Angelou
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away. -- Maya Angelou
To infinity and beyond! -- Buzz Lightyear, Toy Story (1995)
Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going. -- Sam Levenson
Believe you can and you're halfway there. -- Theodore Roosevelt
Well-behaved women seldom make history. -- Laurel Thatcher Ulrich
